Add Playlists (#5478)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/developer/docs/architecture/api/types.md

| Field                  | Type                                                     | Description                                                                 |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `id`                   | [`long`](types.md#basic)                                 | Identifier. Will be created if not set.                                     |
| `entries`              | [`List<PlaylistEntry>`](types.md#PlaylistEntry)          | List of entries.                                                            |
| `title`                | [`string`](types.md#basic)                               | Metadata.                                                                   |
| `description`          | [`string`](types.md#basic)                               | Metadata.                                                                   |
| `creator`              | [`string`](types.md#basic)                               | Metadata.                                                                   |

> | `updated`              | [`Date`](types.md#Date)                                  | Metadata. Updated by Opencast with current Date when playlist gets updated. |

Reviewer: The examples show a timestamp in ms, not a `Date`. The "ms" thing should be mentioned here probably.

> | `accessControlEntries` | [`List<AccessControlEntry`](types.md#AccessControlEntry) | List of access control entries, basically an ACL.                           |

Reviewer: Would `acl` not be a shorter and equally fitting name compared to `accessControlEntries`?

Author: The result of letting a programmer naming things, for whom there is a real difference between `List<AccessControlEntry>` and `AccessControlList`. Don't mind changing that if you want it to be changed.

Reviewer: :shrug: if you say thats a meaningful difference I believe you. I don't know the details

Author: Ah, what I meant to say was that it is meaningful to someone looking at Opencast code (for too long). Not necessarily to someone getting data from an endpoint.

### Playlist Entry

> An entry for a playlist as a JSON object or XML. Represents an event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An entry for a playlist as a JSON object. There are different kinds of entries:
- `EVENT`: an event. The entry then also contains `eventId`.
- `INACCESSIBLE`: an entry that the requesting user is not allowed to read. 
```

| Field     | Type                       | Description                             |
|-----------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| `id`      | [`long`](types.md#basic)   | Identifier. Will be created if not set. |

> | `eventId` | [`string](types.md#basic)  | List of entries.                        |

Reviewer: Missing ``` ` ``` and copy&paste error in description. But potentially just remove this row since it's dependent on `type` and might be mentioned above.

Author: Which row and for what reason?

Reviewer: Nevermind, you solved it differently now. Works as well!
